The news that is being received can provide some solace,
but Anuj, amidst so many news, then
which of today's big stocks will be the night's Nasreen,
but hope is not a single data point, the
market runs on data points. Well, ICC
Lombard, I think, could be today's stock of the day.
Bhargav Das Gupta has resigned on the Dr. side.
Look,
in a services-based company, yours is the biggest asset,
and the captain has a
lot of importance in it, and
we all know that he is an icon
of this industry, and he was
largely responsible for the success of ICC Lombard.
Well, when we look at the details, he doesn't go alone,
he takes 10 other potential leaders with him,
so
this is a big factor for this. America will be
in the red. The second stock that will be
in the red for me will be State Bank of India.
Yesterday, State Bank of India fell in the last one hour,
but yesterday, there was Nifty expiry, and it
may have an impact. Because of that,
which stock should have the most positive impact in the morning tournament, so
technically, the biggest PSU bank is  Now the
biggest one is BP portfolio, I
mean a logical think, so in my
opinion this will be a stock, we will see the impact on it today, it
broke down yesterday, it broke down quite
violently, actually we will keep an eye on it in the second, so
you should keep an eye on Lombard as well as SBI and along with SBI, the
rest of the banking stocks will remain
important, we will discuss in detail
what impact will come on the stock in future,
but in another big development